Update Zephyr Manifest (#103)
catie-aq/zephyr_6tron-manifest: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_FMLR-72 using `sixtron-adc`.
> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_nRF52832 using `sixtron-adc`.
> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_nRF5340 using `sixtron-adc`.
> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_STM32G474VE using `sixtron-adc`.
> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_STM32H753ZI using `sixtron-adc`.
> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_STM32L4A6RG using `sixtron-adc`.
> - Add ADC support for Zest_Core_STM32L562VE using `sixtron-adc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ADC support for all Zest_Core using `sixtron-adc`.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in [89cfa44](https://github.com/catie-aq/zephyr_6tron-manifest/pull/103/commits/89cfa447786247ecb0c22de242cd8c3c0e576bfe).

- Add BNO055 and IIS2DLPC support on Zest_Sensor_IMU.

> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_FMLR-72 using `sixtron-pwm`.
> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_nRF52832 using `sixtron-pwm`.
> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_nRF5340 using `sixtron-pwm`.
> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_STM32G474VE using `sixtron-pwm`.
> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_STM32H753ZI using `sixtron-pwm`.
> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_STM32L4A6RG using `sixtron-pwm`.
> - Add PWM support for Zest_Core_STM32L562VE using `sixtron-pwm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add PWM support for all Zest_Core using `sixtron-pwm`.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in [89cfa44](https://github.com/catie-aq/zephyr_6tron-manifest/pull/103/commits/89cfa447786247ecb0c22de242cd8c3c0e576bfe).

- Add SPI chip select definition for Zest_Core_nRF5340, Zest_Core_nRF52832.
- Add `sixtron-adc` and `sixtron-pwm` bindings.
- Add flash partitions and Ethernet definition for Zest_Core_STM32H753ZI.
- Add support for Bosch BNO055 sensor driver.
- Add support for ILITEK ILI9163C display driver.
- Add support for Maxim MAX17201 fuel gauge driver.
- Add support for Microcrystal AG RV-8803-C7 rtc driver.
- Add support for Quectel L86 modem driver.
- Add support for Texas Instruments TSC2003 touchscreen driver.
- Add support for Zest_Adapter_Click.
- Add support for Zest_Battery_LiPo.
- Add support for Zest_Display_LCD.
- Add support for Zest_Core_STM32L4A6RG v3.0.0.
- Add support for Zest_Core_nRF52832 v1.1.0.
- Add support for Zest_Core_nRF5340.
- Add support for Zest_Interface_RS232.
- Add support for Zest_Interface_RS485.
- Add support for Zest_RTC_RV-8803-C7.
- Add support for Zest_Storage_microSD.

> - Add support for input subsystem on Zest_Core_FMLR-72.
> - Add support for input subsystem on Zest_Core_STM32H753ZI.
> - Add support for input subsystem on Zest_Core_STM32L562VE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for input subsystem on all Zest_Core.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in [89cfa44](https://github.com/catie-aq/zephyr_6tron-manifest/pull/103/commits/89cfa447786247ecb0c22de242cd8c3c0e576bfe).

### Changed

> - Fix button polarity for Zest_Core_STM32G474VE.
> - Fix button polarity for Zest_Core_STM32H753ZI.
> - Fix button polarity for Zest_Core_STM32L562VE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix button polarity for on all Zest_Core.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in [89cfa44](https://github.com/catie-aq/zephyr_6tron-manifest/pull/103/commits/89cfa447786247ecb0c22de242cd8c3c0e576bfe).
